46316
My self Niharika present i am studying B pharm 1st year , i am from poor family my goal is to become a doctor for this my father struggling a lot for me to become a doctor , Recently i faced CANCER(Lymphoblastic Lymphoma) and win with my will power , And my strength is my confidence. 	My goal is to become a doctor if i got a scholarship from your side it is very useful for me and my family because of we are very poor family and my father is a private employee he is already spend a lot of money(1200000) for my treatment so if i got scholarship it is very useful for my career.
43604
I am from a poor family with annual income 48,000.my father is a daily labour.my mother is house wife.I have great interest to study.But i dont have money to pay for college fees.	I want to become an IAS officer.I will serve for society as much as possible.I help the poor people who are willing to study once i got job.This scholarship helps me a lot to overcome my problems.my family dont have money to pay my college fees.
37895
My father is an egg merchant. I have 2 younger brothers they studying degree and 10th class. in my home five members are there. my father only earning money. we are poor peoples. our family income is Rs.40000/- per year. i complete my 10th class with urdu medium in Govt. school my father wish is to see me as a doctor. i want to fulfil my father's wish so i take it as a challenge and completed inter with english medium and got a good rank in EAMCET now i am studying MBBS 1st year in Government Medical College, Ananthapur. 	I want to complete My MBBS Course and I want to become a Gynecologist & help poor peoples in future. This scholarship will help me to pay my college Fee, hostel and mees fees. This will help my father a lot 
38643
I'm Imrose basha persuing M.tech 2nd year..My goal is to get in civil services .To get this im searching for reputed institutes to meet the desires which will be best suited for family income..I belongs to a poor family ..As my father is daily wager...I have 3 siblings who are under graduates ...family income are enough for these three...Our parents who have a od mindset thinking that girls are only reserved for there home works and should be confined within fourwalls ..and they are not intresested to get me a job..i.e; in civils ...and want to prove that girls are much more hardworking and can be equal in all aspects to get in civils too. So I have a great achivement to join in civils .... and want to get a chance in reputed institutes for coaching ...If i could get a chance for scholarship....definetly i do hardwork ....	The first and foremost thing thanks for the fair&lovely scholarship for inspiring the young womens who have lots of dreams but cant be complete ....The way fair&lovely scholarship which has given to us makes a single girl to open their carieer with their half filled desires....This could give us a better platform for every girl to meet their desired education .......My goal is to become an IAS ...due to less parental income ...i cant get a coaching...AS my brothers also says that one day a girl could go to another house,so its a waste of money and waste of time to get a girl educated......I say BIG NO NO to them that you need to change your mindset....so i want to prove that girls no longer be less than boys in any field...and we can compete to them in any field....Well!!!!I referred this scholarship from Education Plus...especially this scholarships is used to aware the girls to persue their studies....higher ....and one more thing such types of scholarships are rare to improvise girls education at the same time focussing on backward people......If i get this scholarship i could fulfill my desires and to make proud of this scholarship.....definetly workinh hard is must and must as well as name and fame for the girls scholarship.
41919
first of all hello ,my name is Suman . this is the second time I am applying for this scholarship , last time i applied for my graduation degree and i got your call and was asked to attend the interview which was to be held in Kolkata but i was not abe to attend it i said that on phone only because financial conditions were not so good then but they are better now so i hope if i get selected i will be abe to be there.speaking about myself , my father is a farmer .my mother,she is a housewife, i have a young brother and a sister .my family is in Bihar but i live with my maternal uncle for my education. i completed my 10th and 12th from guru gobind singh public school , bokaro. and now i am in my final year of graduation which is bsc zoology hons session 2014 -2017 from bokaro steel city college , vinoba bhave university. i like sports particulary badminton , music and poetries. my inspiration is saint mother teresa.....because for me if there are two things that attract me the most ...even more than money are humanity and spirituality and she is the perfect combination of both. for me happiness is everything which comes to me when i help ohers ,when i make peope laugh, when i teach small kids .its the greatest happiness of the word ..it gives me peace .	i want to become a university professor . i want to teach children not only about science but about the moral values of life and i would try my best to guide them towards becoming a better version of what they are . i want them to become a good human and i think that comes with good education and guidance and i want to do that. for becoming a professor i will have to do a pg and a phd and your scholarship will help me to do my post graduation degree for which i have to go out of my town .your scholarship will hep me with my tuition fees, books, rent , travel and every other financial aspect so that i could pursue my studies on my own capabilities.
58633
I am Aayesha, Younger daughter of my parents. My father is a lorry driver, and my mother is a house wife. I am studying degree,1st year, BSc,MPC group in GOVT. DEGREE COLLEGE. I have two sisters, both are studying B-tech final year. My parents struggled a lot to grown us, and educate us. Now my father is in the position to not afford money to complete my degree. My father is spending his earnings to daily needs of our family, and he could not spare even little amount of money to buy my text books, to pay tuition fees, exam fees. I need financial support at this time to complete my degree. I would be glad if I got selected to this scholar.	I am a Degree first year student(B.Sc Mathematics) studying in GOVT. DEGREE COLLEGE. My aim is to become an IAS officer. As I am belongs to poor family, I am not able to get enough money to buy my degree text books, not able to get my tuition fees, exam fees. I need this scholar to support me and my family. It helps me to complete my degree. After completion of my degree I will go for civil services examinations and serve our nation. And I have a dream to build a Non Government Organization to give support to needy people.
4323
My mother is educating four members by running a small sarees business at home.My elder sister is pursuing degree,my younger sister is doing intermediate second year and my brother intermediate first year.My strength is my hard working nature.I have the leadership qualities from my childhood.i was selected for volleyball at National level in our college.Now I am in the final year of b.tech agricultural engineering.I want at least this last year to get this scholarship	I want to become a government employee to survive my family.I wiil use this money to pay my college and hostel fees in order not to depend on my mother.
40170
Hi' I am M.Vasanthi. My father is a farmer. I have one elder Sister. I came from an Agricultural family. Right from the begining iam studying well and got 89% in intermediate. I have passed Rashtrabhasha Praveen Poorvardh Eamination Also. I can assure, I will achieve my ambition in my life.	I am M.Vasanthi. I am pursuing my under graduation B.Sc (Home Science). I want to become an Extension officer and Educate the rural people. Your financial assistance helps me to complete my present education. Hope I will get scholarship from your esteemed organisation.
54188
"we are 6 members living in a singe house very peacefully,father,mother,myself,grand mother and my sister.my father is blind person by birth..due to his blindness Dr.chandra babu naidu sir has recommededa job to my father as a garderner in anu university......my father salary is 18,000....by cutting all loans he will take 6,000 rupees per month...my mother is house wife ....we are depended on my father.....but u know one if i apply for any scholarship they will ignore me because..they will think like ur father is a govt employee..soo why u need scholarship.......but its not real.... 	by the way getting like father is my lucky....he was a god's gift to me...thanku god..:) "
56494
i sushree satapathy currently pursuing bsc degree first year in avn college .i have struggled a lot to learn things since my 10 standard.....my dadas job is not permanent ...he has lost 4 jobs since three years ...and is now currently running business with no permanent income. my strenghts are dancing and physics.....my achivements are prizes in dance and my group projects........i really very less inspiration to do what i am good at....and the college to which has its all teching in telegu (and i really have no knowledge of this language)...due to my financial conditions i was forced to join	i want to be a physicist ....this scholarship will help me to pay my entrance fees for sat examination .......and help me to get me some necessary coaching
7703
I am a hard working, self respected person. I am from a economically poor family but my parents never stopped my education. They belived that education is the only way where one can get a good life. Even i too believe this. Coming to my achievements and qualifications, i am a student from government school and government college with good academic excellence and best communication skills. Since my childhood i have participated in so many competitions like essay writing, elocution etc., My two projects named "PAARIJATA" and "SRI CHAKRA" got selected as honourable mention in 2016 and 2015 NASA SPACE SETTLEMENT CONTEST. I am a "BEST CADET" award winner in National Cadet Corps(NCC). I got first prize in elocution at karimnagar state level celebrations of rajiv sadbhavana divas 2010. I am a state level hockey player. I am the National Integration Camp(NIC) certificate holder, and many more... My hobbies are drawing. My passions are astronomy, anchoring, NCC and hockey.	My aim is to become a honest and sincere INDIAN ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICE OFFICER. My role model is "SMITA SABARWAL" the former IAS officer of karimnagar. I am planning to qualify GATE exam in 2019 to get a job in PSU's so that i can take care of my family and parallelly i can perpare for IAS, but if you help me financially i can achieve my goal in a direct way. In this manner this scholarship really helps me in perusing my goal. 
8262
THIS IS YACHAVARAPU. USHASRI, Studying B.Tech 2nd year in Matrusri engineering college, saidabad, Hyderabad, Telangana state. my father Venkata Reddy(late) he was died 7 years back, and my mother Nagalakshmi she was fancy shop worker for month salary 3000 rupees only and i have one sister charitha sri she was studying inter (m.e.c) 2nd year in the Brilliant junior kalasala, meerpet, Hyderabad. Telanganastate. we belongs to a poor family even there is no own house for my family and there is no other source of income to my family. And my strengths being optimistic in nature , hard working , as i am willing to continue my higher studies but due to some problems SUCH as source of income as we are 2 daughters my mother unable to pay the fees as regularly as possible. please your my higher studies perpose your fair&lovely foundation scholarship help me . 	I WANT BECOME AN ENGINEER AFTER THE COMPLETION OF GRADUATION COURSE BASED ON MY SKILLS AND I WANT TO LOOK MY FAMILY BY HELPING MY MOTHER AND SISTER IN STUDIES 
35090
My father is a private school teacher. I also have a younger brother studying 10 th class at present. I am very intrested in persuing technological education. So, I cleared jee main and managed to get a seat in IIIT Kottayam but father's income is unable to meet my educational fee and even he had to pay to my brother's education also. My mom is a home maker. I would be very glad to get financial to support to persue my future education so that I can uplift my family position and support financially to my brother's education. My father expects my best education but never ever lets me to know his struggles. His health position too is becoming bad which is stopping him to earn some more but he is neglecting that and still moving forward to support us. 	My ambition is to become an IAS officer which is once my father's dream but he failed due lack of financial and family support. Through this scholarship I can pay my college fee that reduces burden on my father and even there is a chance for my brother to get into a good college with affordable fee. Actually I jumped from my 2nd class to 4 th class.So, now I am an year advanced which I think would be helpful in my civils preparation as I can take an year completely for cracking the civils exam. By this scholarship my fee will be paid and there wouldn't be any need to take dept from others which decreases my burden to clear them once I have my own job and then I can give my full efforts in my brother's education and my family upliftment. 
38203
MY NAME IS MANUSRI,STUDYING IN NIT JALANDHAR ,PUNJAB WHICH IS VERY FAR AWAY FROM MY HOME STATE ANDHRAPRADESH. IAM VERY MUCH DEDICATED TOWARDS MY STUDY AS IAM FROM A POOR FAMILY AND IAM ALSO INTRESTED IN MY BRANCH TEXTILE ENGINEERING AS IT PROVIDES AN OPPORTUNITY TO USE CREATIVITY.I HAVE THE DREAM TO BECOME AN IAS OFFICER AFTER COMPLITION OF MY GRADUATION.I HAVE THE CONFIDENCE THAT I CAN DEFINITELY ACCOMPLISH MY PARENTS' DREAMS.I NEVER LOSE CONFIDENCE IN ME JUST BECAUSE OF MY POVERTY. I ALLOW ANY HURDLES IN MY LIFE WITH SMILE BECAUSE I HAVE THE CONFIDENCE THAT I CAN ACHIEVE MY DREAMS.I HAVE DESIRE TO HELP THE POOR STUDENTS AND ORPHANS LIKE YOU AS I FACED THAT SITUATIONS IN MY LIFE.	THIS SCHOLARSHIP SURELY WILL HELP ME TO PAY SOME AMOUNT OF MY TUTION FEE WITH WHICH I CAN STUDY HAPPILY.IT WILL DEFINITELY REDUCE MY PARENTS' BURDEN AS THEY ARE STRIVING A LOT FOR MY BEST FUTURE. I CAN PURCHASE BOOKS,STATIONERY IF YOU PROVIDE ME THE GREAT OPPORTUNITY.
44710
I belong to a middle class non-creamy family.I am a scholar from J.N.V. Bihiya and a national player of chess & have also completed DCA course.I am in second year in B.Sc (Physics Honors) at Jain College(Ara, Bihar).In my family my mother is the only breadwinner & with her hardwork she tried me to get good education.And from my hardwork I want to work for the wellfare of the country & raise the needy ,so that they don't feel scarcity of essential resources for their development. 	"I want to become an IAS officer. The deficiency of resources and discrimination in the society on the basis of gender,race,caste etc and thinking of people that only boys can do well & only they have the right to get the best education have made me to set my goal of UPSC.I also want to raise the needy and put corrupt persons behind the bars.The only obstacle in achieving my aim is my economical problem as my mother is the only earning person in my family.So if i get this scholarship (which I need very much) I am pretty sure that I will become an IAS officer after completing my graduation and will help others to achieve their goals as you are helping now. 
50555
I' m native of vijayawada but grown up in visakhapatnam.I' m studying engineering 1 st year of cse dept in vijayawada.I'm an A grade student from my school age.I always stood first in my class ,all time with above 95 percent.I participated in many National talent tests.I got PRATHIBA AWARD from government of Andhra Pradesh for scoring 10/10 in my 10 standard.I also got BALAMITRA AWARD in drawing and good communication skills and hardworking certificate from my schoo.In b- tech i participated in college fest in various programs and got Excellence certificate in CALLIGRAPGY in january 2017.My father is an private employee.My mother is a house wife.I have a younger brother studying 10 standard.	My goal is to become an IAS officer.If i get the scholarship i will buy books and laptop which will be helpful for my preparation.
53825
I am from poor background, my dad stuggles hard to accomplish my&my sister's need for education.As my dad do farming,we get very less income which is insufficient to meet our needs.	I want to get a better rank in GATE &IES .I want to become an IAS officer.As I want get trained up for these exams i must need a financial support so I think if I got selected for this scholarship , it will definitely help me
56152
We Are Four Members In Our Family With Poor Section. My Father Is Earning Member And My Mother Is House Wife And We Are 2 Children Me And My Sister and I am having leadership Quality, Kindness and strength is courage to face the situation.	I wanted to become lecturer so for this achievement I Need financial support . In this way it helps to achieve my goal. For that Reason i applying this scholarship.
42777
"Family: I am Nanimela Munikumari belong to chittedu village in andhrapradesh state. My father name is Mr.sreenivasulu, he is a farmer.My mother name is mrs.muthyalamma, she is a home maker. I have one sister, she is completed her TTC course recently. My family is agricultural family. we have one acre land for cultivation, but we did not cultivate from last 3years due to lack of rainfall. 	Education: I completed my school education upto 10th class in government school in my village. I got school first rank with 526 out of 600 marks in 10th class. Based on my marks, I got free seat in corporate college for intermediate through DRDA(district and rural development authority).DRDA provides free (with hostel facility) corporate education for intermediate to good scored and poor peoples.so I was studied intermediate in Narayana junior college otherwise we did not bear that much of amount. I got 955 marks out of 1000 marks in intermediate and also got 27,700 rank in EMCET. 
48644
Myself Arunya, I am doing my post graduation from Delhi university and I am actually from Telangana sate. Comes to my family Ihave one elder sister and younger brother , my biggest achievement I feel is completing NCC because doing something which you love is achievement for me and I love NCC . And finally my one and only one aim is becoming a IPS officer. 	I feel I am in need of scholarship because I have to take coaching for civils and also I am doing my masters so it's quite difficult for me to manage
49450
I am M.Sonia and I am doing my graduation in G.Pulla Reddy Engineering,Kurnool.My parents are not alive and my guardian take after them.He earns money by farming.	I want to become an civil enginee rand also I want crack GATE exam . This schlarship will help me to complete my course as a civil engineer.And also my aims will be fulfilled by tnis scholarship.
51577
i am Ranjana, belong from a town side village in state Rajasthan. my father is farmer and i have two brother and one sister. as financial condition my family background is not well, even on the other side my father is the best person for me. he never give up, he did as possible as he can. he always try to give us as we what we want. it's not easy for a farmer. who sent all his children in cities to continue fulfill study requirements. but my father did and up to till now he has already taken loan of worth Rs 1000000 for our study. family support is a greatest strength of me and i had passed Navodaya entrance exam in class 5th and study in jnv sikar up to class 12th and i topped to my school. in graduation i topped my university and now i clearing the entrance exam of delhi university pursuing ma first year but its costly to live in delhi. my father is trying his best but he cant able to provide me coaching for IAS. i didn't share to anyone and don't know why i share everything to you its just because there is a hope for me . my best quality is to be positive and always try to be my best. i have a lot enough craziness to achieve my goal.	"i want to became a example for girls and my biggest aspiration is to became an IAS topper. i want to prove that a girl, who belongs from lower income background, can also be a topper. it's the one and only goal of my life. but i have not enough money to pursue it and to purchase study material and for coaching classes. if you provides me the scholarship, i will definitely do it. this scholarship will be the most helpful and biggest hope for me and my family because if i will get it my family will not even think about to stop my study. i have guts to do it and if you support me i can go through every obstacle and situation to fulfill my goal.this scholarship only and last hope for me. i need it too much i want to study independently.if you will provide me the amount i will always to grateful to you. 
58315
 I belong to humble family background which gave me the courage and confidence to stand on my legs. I like inventing and discovering the features in the latest gadgets.I read many good books especially the biographies of well known personalities like Swami Vivekananda ,APJ Abdul Kalam etc. I watch good movies of Aamir Khan like 3 idiots, Dangal, Taare Zameen par etc. I completed my Schooling from one of the best ICSE Schools of Rajahmundry. My Sixth Std social teacher inspired me a lot and that was the turning point of my life.I decided to crack the Indian Civil Service Examination and serve my country and make it corruption free. My Great grand father also served India, by becoming 1st IFS officer in our family and is a role model for me. 	My ambition to become an IAS officer grew stronger and stronger as the days passed. To accomplish my goal I will do a lot of planned and smart work by giving a special status to time. I will work at least 13 -14 hours daily by reading new papers, current affairs books, watching news channels . I will strive for excellence as success follows excellence. Self confidence and patience are the virtues which I will follow wholeheartedly by putting sincere efforts. So punctuality with a lot of hard work will surely lead to success and it is the only way to achieve my goal. This scholarship will help me a lot to get good coaching in a good coaching centre like RAO's IAS STUDY CIRCLE,Sri Chaitanya IAS Academy, Hyderabad. They are charging minimum of Rs. 2.50 Lakhs. It will also help me a lot to achieve my goal. 
56347
MY NAME IS LEELA RANI AND I AM STUDYING BTECH FROM CSE BRANCH.MY FATHER NAME IS PRASAD AND HIS OCCUPATION IS A DAILY WAGE LABOR, AND MY MOTHER NAME IS LAKSHMI AND SHE IS A HOME MAKER, I HAVE ONE YOUNGER BROTHER AND HE IS STUDYING INTERMEDIATE,MY STRENGTH IS SMART WORKING .	"MY FATHER INCOME IS NOT SUFFICIENT FOR MY FAMILY. 
37366
"I am from a Poor family depends on my mother. My father was expired at the age of 10 years to me. Untill i depends on my mother, i am the elder daughter. My mother works in a small departmental stores with a monthly income of Rs.4000. I am very much interested on studies. If you provided me financial assistance to me i will be ever grateful to you sir. 	 
41233
My name is K Pravallika. I am a student of B V RAJU INSTITUTE OF COMPUTER EDUCATION, VISHNUPUR, BHIMAVARAM. My father is a Farmer. My family is BPL.	My aspiration is to get a Bank Job this scholarship will help me in the purpose of my studies. So please grant my application for my better future.
41345
My name is Sivani Veeeramachaneni, Presently I am studying B.Com(Computers) course in Montessori Mahila Kalasala Degree College. I came from very poor family. In our family we are four members. Father,mother,myself and brother in our family.Father is the only earning person and encourage us to study due to low annual income earned by him is insufficient now to run the family along with studies as he is working as a daily wage worker.For this reason, I thought to help my father and continue my study of graduation so i need to apply for scholarship to complete my Graduation.	This scholarship will help me to complete graduation which is minimum degree to study further education. As my goal is to complete PG(MBA) and settle in a good job, I will be thankful to you if you provide scholarship which builds my beautiful career.
41486
Iam N. Sai Priya Yadav persuing my B.TECH in ECE in BVRIT Hyderabad college of engineering for women. I belong to a normal middle class family. My father is a private employee and my mother is a house wife . I even have a brother who is studying intermediate .My strengths are my hardwork, sincerity and dedication .My hardwork has never gone in vain. I have always got my results . In my 10Th I got 9.6CGPA and secured 93.4 percent in my intermediate and first class with distinction till now . Apart from acedemics I was a NCC cadet at my school . I have presented paper in IIIT Hyderabad and a few engineering colleges here. I have won the title of “HIGHLY COMMANDED ESSAY” in an essay writing competition held by Smart minds IAS academy . I have won first prize in elocution competition of our college . Apart from these I participated in various events.I face so many challenges daily to do my best in whatever i do. It is very difficult for us to survive only with my father's salary so i undertake tuitions along with my studies . It is very difficult to manage my college along with tuition.But i do justice to both.	My career aspiration is i want to become an HR MBA graduate. To reach my dream goal i need a lot of financial support to complete my MBA . And to become an Human Resource in any company of IT sector MBA in a deemed and prestigious institution is must. I hope with ur scholarship i can fullfill my dreams and even help my family to get stabled since my brother is still studying.I need this scholarship for a noble cause.Since i know the value of single penny i will not misuse money.Even at present it is very difficult of us to manage my college fees ,but by hook or crook my father manages some how to pay the fees. I hope you consider my application and grant me scholarship.
54042
MY FATHER IS A FARMER, MY MOTHER IS A HOUSEWIFE, I HAVE 5 SISTERS AND 1 BROTHER, MY HOBBIES ARE DANCING, STUDY, WRITING ETC., MY STRENGTHS ARE POSITIVE THINKING, HARD WORK, INTELLIGENT, QUICK LEARNER, MY QUALITY IS POSITIVE NATURE.	MY CAREER ASPIRATION TO BE AN IAS OFFICER, THIS SCHOLARSHIP HELP ME FINANCIALLY AND ALSO MOTIVATE ME TO DO WORK HARD FOR MY CAREER. I WANT TO BE AN IAS OFFICER, THIS IS MY DREAM ANS THIS SCHOLARSHIP HELP ME TO FULFILL MY DREAM.
57702
Myself c.pravallika.I am persuing B.tech degree in vits college. I came from a poor back ground.my father is a van driver and my mother is a house wife .we do not have more income.I want to study my higher studies.	I want to become software engineer.it was my career dream.I you persue me this scholarship,i will definitely achieve my dream project with your sake.I have also dream to study MBA,because of my poverty,i am unable to do so.
